docs(common): Improve CSS Overrides article (#1430)
telerik/blazor-docs: styling-and-themes/override-theme-styles.md

Sometimes you may need to make a small change to the appearance of a component, while still using the same [built-in]({%slug general-information/themes%}) or [custom]({%slug themes-custom%}) theme.

> This article provides high-level guidance about the required knowledge and tools to override existing CSS styles *without changing the theme CSS file*. In scenarios with a larger number of customizations, it may be [more practical to use a different approach, e.g. a custom theme]({%slug common-kb-theme-customization-options%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article provides high-level guidance about the knowledge and tools required to override existing CSS styles without changing the theme's CSS file. In scenarios with a larger number of customizations, it may be [more practical to use a different approach, for example, a custom theme]({%slug common-kb-theme-customization-options%}).
```
